Firstly, i used python (rasterio - jupyter notebook) for some image preprocessing.
Reprojection is not necessary. 
And then i used snap and QGIS to perform image processing. 
I stacked the bands 2, 3, 4, 8 and 11 (resampled) as 10m resolution.
I integrated the la palma bounds geojson file to the QGIS using Open Data Source Manager-Vector-Protocol
I clipped the data using QGIS python plugin called "GDAL Raster Cutter"
Normalization should be in 0-255 DN because image bit should be 8. If we chose this range and classification classes extend.
I changed extension of la_palma_bound geojson file to shapefile.



*I could done cloud masking with QGIS or SNAP but i had a problem with config files. 
**Plugins didn't work correctly even though i tried so hard to fix them with checking 
modules and other python code issues in a limited time. 
***Unfortunately I don't have access to ESRI's packages. I would like to perform some operations via ArcGIS.
****I would like to proceed by contacting you, but the spam incident unfortunately did not make this possible.



<It was very unfortunate for me that the mail was in the spam box and I had less than 2 days for the assignment. 
I tried my best during this time. I hadn't been working with satellite imagery for a long time. I don't have much experience in Python,
I use SQL database as back end and JS, HTML, CSS for front end for WebGIS. I am very eager to learn programming languages properly and new technologies and to improve myself. The internet is an endless resource and I am a very fast learner. 

Since I have been working on Antarctica and the Arctic since the beginning of my doctorate, I understand very well your approach to the world, the solutions you want to produce and the importance of sustainable development.

In fact, I'm used to doing my duties in cramped times. However, I am in the delivery process of my doctoral thesis and I am also working on a data labeling project for TUBITAK (AI-Machine Learning for Polar researches) as a scholarship PhD student.

I am very sorry to be in a restricted situation. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to work on remote sensing, classification and other features, and allowing me to see my shortcomings. If we have the opportunity to work together, I believe I can do much more.>


